= profile-formatter

A Cucumber output formatter that outputs profiling information

== Installation

  $ gem install profile-formatter

== Usage

  $ cucumber --format Headshift::ProfileFormatter

== Output

The output will be something similar to:

  | Steps                                                | # | Avg Time | Tot Time |
  | features/step_definitions/group_member_steps.rb:6    | 1 | 0.561732 | 0.561732 |
  | features/step_definitions/shared_document_steps.rb:1 | 1 | 0.363284 | 0.363284 |
  ...
  
  | Examples                                          | #  | Avg Time | Tot Time  |
  | features/webtrends_tracking_for_groups.feature:35 | 31 | 2.096895 | 65.003736 |
  | features/webtrends_tracking_for_groups.feature:75 | 8  | 2.377968 | 19.023741 |
  ...

The output lists the steps and the Scenario Outlines that are called during the tests.
It will show how many times each step or outline has been called, the average time for a single call and the total time for all the calls.
The lists are sorted according to the total time and only the first 20 lines are shown, though both those options can be changed.

== Issues

The sorting order and the number of results shown in the output can only be configured from the code, at the moment.
The formatter is supposed to be working against a passing test suite. Test failures may interfere in the profiling and not be reported clearly.
Steps are not tracked correctly when they belong to scenario outlines: a step which is called 5 times from 5 examples will just be reported as a single call (this is the reason why examples profiling is reported separately).

== Building the gem

  $ rake gemspec
  $ gem build profile-formatter.gemspec

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Alessandro Morandi. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

